[IndexTable | Heading] Add support for headings with padding right (#11231)
Shopify/polaris: .changeset/poor-students-add.md

---
'@shopify/polaris': minor
---

> 1. Added IndexTable heading props to support additional right padding
> 2. Fixed an issue where headings with sort and tooltip don't align right properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the `paddingEnd` prop to the `IndexTableHeading` interface to support additional right padding
- Fixed sortable `IndexTable` headings with a tooltip not being right aligned properly 
```
